hey guys it's icky chick here and today
I have a type in that video now the A's
haven't noticed the trend I really love
the whole hack and slash dungeon crawler
genre and I'm just enjoying it and so I
just want to soak in as much as I can
from as many things an exhibition to
these games you know some of them has a
little energy situation so I figure if i
have enough i will always have something
to play but so yeah I started to a panda
like yesterday I'm level 15 at the
beginning is so far it's pretty easy to
level up there's still some challenge
there's a lot going on a lot of features
the first time I open it up i was
actually a little overwhelmed like you
know but the tutorial walks you through
it i still have a little bit of
questions and things is like to learn
but i'm really enjoying it but today the
purpose of this video is i have some
treasures and I have like that here
where is it well I know I have these
treasures but i also have a gold chest
and silver chest open up so i thought
i'd go ahead and open that up on a video
for you so let's start with the free am
I gonna get suffering so the blue pretty
much are the ones that you do kind of
like you know when you're fusing or
leveling up in other veins this is what
you kind of do with like your blue and
green stuff and then that epic hopefully
get something that it's one free of it
now wait
am I doing this right epic yeah all
right here we go oh I don't even know
what that is can I can I get information
it's a weapon nice okay and orange as
you can see there's like five stars it's
like the best very nice I have a lot
more gems but let's go ahead and open
I'm go to my backpack and let's see what
we have with this we'll start with the
silver chest I have three keys so that's
perfect so we can open all three ah ok
so I don't know what to do with these
rooms yet so that might actually be a
good thing but the fact that it's green
is telling me that it's not super great
and these are good small fortitude pills
those are basically like there's two
separate energy systems there is an
energy for playing like missions and
energy for doing like arena and
fortitude is for that so you get like
refills and that's a purple piece purple
is pretty good but I think I have an
orange ring now I have a purple ring hey
let's see what's in the gold we gotta go
I don't know how much food that we get
25,000 gold that's pretty nice I was
expecting something a little bit better
from that but that's still pretty cool
so we go ahead and sort things out let's
look at this weapon it's a mite is 13 18
damage is 358 my yeah but you know maybe
I can work on this and I'll probably
look at compared to two and see which
one is a better fit because that is
going to be it for this video like I
said I just wanted to give you guys a
little peek that I am playing the games
with definitely look out for more videos
especially things even if I'm not
showing you gameplay i'll definitely
show you guys my chest openings as
always thanks for watching don't forget
you can follow me guy follow me on
twitchtv / a geeky chick where i live
stream mobile games daily and you can
also follow me on youtube com
wait you already here my youtube laughs
you can also follow me on twitter.com /
e think e ticker I'm constantly posting
updates on my progress and games alright
guys that's it see you next time